Update the description of the repo (#2274)
BBC-archive/psammead: README.md

</div>

Psammead is a package library which contains a mixture of components, containers and utilities.

Psammead packages are split into:

> - [Components](./packages/components) - [GEL-compliant](https://www.bbc.co.uk/gel/articles/what-is-gel) presentational React components built on [`styled-components`](https://www.styled-components.com). Theyre ready for use out of the box, regardless of data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Components](./packages/components) - [GEL-compliant](https://www.bbc.co.uk/gel/articles/what-is-gel) presentational React components built on [`styled-components`](https://www.styled-components.com). They are ready for use out of the box, regardless of data source.
```
